Adding AD lifetime period of an old password note to Vault LDAP secrets Engine API Documentation (#28429)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/secret/ldap.mdx

| `POST`   | `/ldap/static-role/:role_name` |
| `DELETE` | `/ldap/static-role/:role_name` |

> -> Note: Active Directory might allow old passwords to be used for authentication during a certain amount of time.
> This is refered to as the `lifetime period of an old password`, this setting is configurable on the Windows Servers hosting Active Directory.
> For more information refer to the following Microsoft [guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/troubleshoot/windows-server/windows-security/new-setting-modifies-ntlm-network-authentication)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note> 

  Windows Servers hosting Active Directory include a 
  `lifetime period of an old password` configuration setting that lets clients
  authenticate with old passwords for a specified amount of time.

  For more information, refer to the
 [NTLM network authentication behavior](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/troubleshoot/windows-server/windows-security new-setting-modifies-ntlm-network-authentication)
  guide by Microsoft.

</Note>
```

Style correction: write in active voice, avoid "this" as a pronoun
